[[Bluz]] sat above the large circular mud pit with [[Drex]], looking down at the young, small goblin, wielding a small wooden stick, about to spar Ordek, the large, red-skinned hobgoblin that led the [[Crimson Marauders]], wielding a massive club. The duo slurped generously from their tankards of ale, freshly stolen from a transport wagon on the Field Highway. "How will he take him?" [[Bluz]] asked [[Drex]], his slightly older pal. "He's got it in him… You'll see." [[Drex]] replied. 

A goblin on the far side of the mud pit then begins pounding his bongo drums, and the two goblinoids rush towards each other. Ordek raises his club, aiming to bring it down upon the little goblin. The goblin dives between the legs of the hobgoblin, quickly clambering up its back, mounting him. It furiously strikes the back of the hobgoblin's head, quickly opening a small wound. Ordek falls to his knees, groaning in pain. The little goblin lands just in front of Ordek, then grabbing his hair and lifting his head. He runs his free hand over the bloodied leader's head, spreading the blood in a line across his forehead, lifting his stick in the other hand above his head laterally. The entire clan roars in approval. Ordek slowly gets up before lifting the small goblin up into the air, for all to see. "[[Slyzz]]!" The clan begins chanting the young goblin's name. 

Just then, in [[Bluz]]'s vision, that young goblin fades away and appears directly in front of [[Bluz]], now older, wiser, and stronger. [[Slyzz]]. A fellow Marauder.