## Current Threads

**Extinguishing the Flame**
10. In the [[Goblin Fields, Uchon]], my Sending Stone rang, telling me that he was going to defect from the Ring of Rhenad shortly. The next day, I receieved another message, telling me that the [[Red Flame]] had kidnapped [[King Kayron Jaiross]] from outside of [[Eastbridge, Crua Clye]] near the [[Ablus Highway Ruins, Crua Clye]], and they were going to capture him, too. I need to rescue [[King Kayron Jaiross]] and [[Gover Rig]] from the [[Ablus Highway Ruins, Crua Clye]]. I learned from Elmar Lialar (Headmaster of the Bard's College and Leader of the [[Golden Lyre]]) that Eldel Alviel of [[Eastbridge, Crua Clye]] is probably a [[Red Flame||Ring of Rhenad]] member.

## Personal Quests (Completed)

**Extinguishing the Flame**
1. Within a cave in the [[Dark Forest, Uncharted Territory||Dark Forest]] near [[Wheatvil, Crua Clye]], I discovered a corpse holding the same standard as mine. ~~Who is this, and what is he doing here?~~
2. Back in [[Wheatvil, Crua Clye]], I learned from the citizens that [[Garit Kog]] was the name of the man who sent this explorer. ~~Who is [[Garit Kog]]?~~
3. In [[Frontiertown, Crua Clye]], I met a druglord named Zubar Cammol who had encountered [[Garit Kog]] earlier in his life. Once upon a time, [[Garit Kog]] was a deadly Elven mercenary who would do anything for the right price. However, Cammol reported that Kog had not been seen recently, and was likely contracting mercenaries now. ~~He said that [[Garit Kog]] was surely in the [[Jaiross, Capital of Crua Clye||Capital]].~~
4. On the way to [[Nohull, Crua Clye]], the [[Motley Crew]] and I met a mercenary named Agu, who was interested in the mind flayers on the lake. As soon as our fight with the Pit Lake Guardian began, he jumped overboard, swimming into the depths. After the battle ended, we found his corpse, which held a battle standard just like me. ~~How is he related? Why did he swim into the water?~~
5. In [[Jaiross, Capital of Crua Clye]], after doing some digging, my party and I located [[Garit Kog]] within the sewers of the city. I beheaded him. After our duel, I discovered a "[[Red Flame Manifesto]]", claiming Elven Supremacy and making peace with a 'colony.' He also held a Sending Stone, and a +1 Longsword that turned Radiant after it came into my possession. ~~What is the 'colony'?~~
6.  Whilst in the [[Glimmersea||Underdark]], I recovered the twin Sending Stone from the corpses of an adventuring party that once worked for [[Garit Kog]]. A Sending spell to [[Farpip Darkback]] mentioned a group of individuals searching for us in [[Jaiross, Capital of Crua Clye]] topside. ~~What colony were these adventurers looking for? Who is searching for us?~~
7. After the Comet's Collision and returning to [[Jaiross, Capital of Crua Clye]], its clear that the individuals searching for the [[Motley Crew]] were members of the [[Red Flame]]. They were torturing the citizens, asking for our location. ~~Who is commanding these guys?~~
8. After interrogating a captured [[Red Flame]] soldier, I learned of the Ring of Rhenad, the council that runs the faction. ~~Where are they?~~
9. One morning in [[Westbridge, Crua Clye]], I found a Sending Stone outside our inn door from somebody claiming to be from the Ring of Rhenad that was our friend and wanted our help. ~~Who is it?~~

## Backstory
Our people escaped from slavery years ago and took refuge under a minor noble named Lord Arramuss, in [[Aramuss Keep, Uchon]]. He was a devotee of Trithereon,  believing that slavery and tyranny must must be opposed and overthrown, welcomed our people and gave us refuge on his lands. In gratitude, we swore to aid in the protection of his Keep and his people. I grew up around soldiers of the Keep and trained from an early age to defend it. One day many years ago, a [[Red Flame||strange army]] appeared on our border, attacking villages and taking the survivors into slavery. By the time the news reached us, the strange army was at our gates. I was still a young dragon and my father placed me in charge of escorting the women and children to safety through secret tunnels under the Keep. Once they were safe, I returned as quickly as I could to aid in the defense, but by the time I arrived, the enemy had broken through and slaughtered all within the walls of the Keep. Lord Arramuss had been executed and hung from the tower. The strange army never returned. They even took their dead with them. The only thing I know about them is their battle standard. A red flame on a field of black and gold. That day I swore vengeance on them and anyone who has ever aided them. I have put my soldiering skills to use as a caravan guard, traveling across the kingdoms in search of any sign of the mysterious army. I trust in Trithereon to guide me to them so that I may seek vengeance and deliver justice.